## Formal Data:
Name: [[164xx]]
Age: 42

Member of: [[Church of Dog]]
Position: Breacher of [[Black Dogs]]
Rank: #CDL4 

## Characteristics:
An athletic, adult male, 185 cm in height, at the age of 25. Has short brown hair, burned left face with a cloudy white left eye and a black right eye with blood red iris. Both legs missing above the knee and replaced with robotic equivalents, produced by [[Fate]].

His left eye was regenerated true the [[PROJECT-INFUSION]] treatment, but remained nonfuctional.
## Backstory:
[[164xx]] was born 21 BCY in France as a German citizen. At the age of 19, he joined the German Bundespolizei and after passing the entrance examination, became a member of the BFE+. Being trained by the GSG9, he specialized in explosive demolition/breaching. Four years after the death of [[Seraphos]], [[164xx]] left the BFE+ and was hired by the [[Church of Dog]] for forming a team of specialized individuals. In the [[Church of Dog]], [[164xx]] met [[Fate]] and they became close friends. Seeing his potential, [[164xx]] requested higher funds for [[Fate]]’s projects from the [[Council of Dog]]. Due to the incident in the lab, [[164xx]]’s left face was burned, destroying his left eye. This did not stop him as the first leader of the [[Black Dogs]] and he continued where he left off. After being heavily wounded in combat, [[164xx]] became the second [[Demi-Dogs]], aging back to the age of 25. Due to the experimental treatment, [[164xx]]’s ADHD showed higher impact, forcing him to take high amounts of methylphenidate hydrochloride. [[164xx]] lost his team leader position to [[Shiba]] shortly after.

## Special Items:
Has an explosive set of legs to replace the old ones he lost to a grenade explosion.
- Each leg has an internal magazine of 1 shells per leg.
- The blast is directional, but can fling 164 if aimed at a solid object.
- The legs have built in shock-absorbers to help with fall damage.

Blast shells
- Weight: 0.5kg
- Volume: 3
- Cannot be looted.

## Trivia:
- \[\[REDACTED\]

# DND
## Skills:
- Strength: 10
- Dexterity: 9
- Intelligence: 2
- Wisdom: 7
- Charisma: 2

## Gear
- MP5 with a; short barrel, red dot, flashlight and a vertical grip
- Pistol
- Medium vest, two magazine pouches, two grenade pouches and one generic pouch.
- Belt: one magazine, one grenade and one generic pouch
- Medium backpack
- Medium plate (front, back)

Total weight: 23kg

## Stats
Speed: 38
Health: 125
Carrying capacity: 60kg

Perks:
- Cannot see depth (-2 accuracy at 50+ meters unless using a rangefinder) 